OCPBUGS-31460: Updated docs to expand multiple vSphere failure domain… (#73830)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-vsphere-regions-zones.adoc

[id="installation-vsphere-regions-zones_{context}"]
= VMware vSphere region and zone enablement

> You can deploy an {product-title} cluster to multiple vSphere datacenters that run in a single VMware vCenter. Each datacenter can run multiple clusters. This configuration reduces the risk of a hardware failure or network outage that can cause your cluster to fail. To enable a regional and zone enablement environment, you must define multiple failure domains for your {product-title} cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deploy an {product-title} cluster to multiple vSphere datacenters that run in a single VMware vCenter. Each datacenter can run multiple clusters. This configuration reduces the risk of a hardware failure or network outage that can cause your cluster to fail. To enable a regions and zones, you must define multiple failure domains for your {product-title} cluster.
```

perhaps reworded like above?

Author: Hi @rvanderp3 . Yes, that would be better. Updated.
